{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 RideAlong
\b0 \
\
RideAlong is an app that will record the route you travel.\
\
The idea behind this app is to record the route you have ridden when on a motorbike when out for a directionless fun ride rather than a commute.\
\
\

\b Route Recorder:
\b0 \
\
This small selection of screens allow the user to start to record a route. Once the choice to record a route has been made the user needs to enter a route name before recording can begin. \
\
Once the name has been entered and the recording has started the map will show the users location and begin to draw a blue line to show the route they have travelled. \
\
When a route is recording the user is able to attach a photo from the camera (device allowing) or the photo library to a location on the route. Simply select the 'Add Image' button and the location of the photo is calculated automatically.\
\
After the user has finished their journey they are able to stop the route recording.\
\
\

\b Route Review:
\b0 \
\
This selection of screen allows the user to review and revisit their recorded journeys.\
\
From a list the user is able to select the route by name. They will then be directed to a map, showing the route as a blue line with pins marking the location of the photos they attached as they travelled.\
\
When a use selects a pin, they are moved to a collection of images that have been stored at that location. \
\
When viewing an image the user is presented with the option to view more images from the same location.\
\
If the user selects an image from the selection of images for the same location they are able to view the image in a larger view and to also save the image to that same location on their route.\
\
\

\b Build, Run Access
\b0 \
\
This app has no logins or other special requirements. \
\
Please run the app on a device or the simulator.\
\
To test the routing, I used the simulator's ability to represent a journey along a freeway.}